Adapp 18529 app secret removal from sdkv5 migration guides (#1027)
adjust/dev-docs: src/content/docs/sdk/ios/migration/v4-to-v5.mdx

This setting has been removed in SDK v5.

#### [Set an App Secret](set-app-secret)

<MinorVersion removed="v5">

> SDK v4 supports setting an App Secret by calling `[AdjustConfig setAppSecret]` to sign the SDK traffic with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK v4 supports setting an App Secret by calling `setAppSecret` method on your `ADJConfig` instance to sign the SDK traffic with.
```

</MinorVersion>

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Swift" sync="swift">

```swift

> adjustConfig.setAppSecret(secretId, info1: info1, info2: info2, info3: info3, info4: info4)

Reviewer: /cc @Aditi3 for this Swift code snippet sanity check.
